[informative] Welcome to the new Glenridge Community webpage. [instruction] In this section, we'll cover how to signup as a new HOA member and take you through the steps of updating your profile. [reminder] Before we begin, please make sure you're at the Glenridge Communtiy home page. [approval] Ready? Great. [explanation] Let's start by looking at the top right corner of the home page where it says Members. Click to take you to the Signup or Login member page. At the center of the page you will want to click on the Signup button.
Step-1 Please enter the primary home owner name and your glenridge home street address. No need to enter the city, state, or zip code. You will have an opportunity to enter additional residents of your home once you have your initial login setup.
Step-2 Please a valid email address and password. This email address will be used as your initial login to setup the rest of your family members. 
Step-3 You must enter a valid phone number. You will have an opportunity to make this private once you log into your profile.  Don't forget to click the Create Account button. If you have already created an account, you can go through the Login process and click the Forgot Password button to reset your password.
Step-4 Check your email for approval of your signup request. Please note, it can take 3 to 5 business days for someone to get to you.
That's it! We hope you enjoy the new and improved Glenrige Community website.


Now that you have a valid login, lets explore the Member Resources section. In this area, there are a handful of keynote features that are both informative and useful. 
The Events Calendar is a calendar that is informative, but alsow a way of reserving neighborhood resources. This not only keeps everyone up to date on the latest happenings around the neighborhood, but also allows you to reserve the picnic shelters by the pool.
The Glenridge Times, will have a list of the past newsletters, in case you missed something.
View Vendors, will allow all of us to share our favorite vendors that we use on a regular basis. Looking for a plumber or a quote on a new deck, I'm sure someone has a good one to share. 
Member Directory, by popular demand. Now you can print out or search for any of your neighbors using a partial name, address, or one of their kids names. Only neighbors who have decided to make their profile public will show up in this directory. 
Reimbursement Request. If you have a valid association expense, you can now submit this, with a clear picture of your receipt, via the website.
Ok, that's enough about the member section, lets move on to updating your profile. Click on the Update profile button at the top of the page.
I will guide you through the process of updating your household profile. 